Just you trash, you still want to fight with the young team leader
Lead to death
Dead just right
Save us the shame of the whole Lin family
The entire Tianxiao City
Who doesn't know
The Lin family has one for their daughter
Self-defeating waste
Brother Yang Brother Yang
Lao Dong, I didn't expect you to dare to come up
Father Aoxue said
Anyway.
Dad won't let you get hurt again
For your worthless daughter
It's really worth it.
I won't let you send Aoxue to Situ's house
Fight to the death
Then I
I'll kill you first
Two stars will soon reach the third star
I knew he couldn't take it
He must die
You must take back your cultivation base to protect your father and mother
Don't try to bind me
The machine is on fire again
Trapped in the fourth realm